Revert unreleased commits (#54)
Shopify/javascript-utilities: README.md

<div align="center">
  <h1>javascript-utilities</h1>

>   <h3>:warning: This repo is in maintenance mode. Every new feature should be add to <a href="https://github.com/shopify/quilt">@shopify/quilt</a> :warning:</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h3>:warning: This repo is in maintenance mode. New features should be add to [@shopify/quilt](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt). Also see [this issue](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/issues/136) for a rough plan on how old features can be migrated over to quilt. :warning:</h3>
```

Author: I can't put Markdown in HTML 😞

Reviewer: oh funky there is html inside .md file.
either way its the content suggestion that is important. I will update it to HTML format.
